README.md, before:


[image1]: assets/1.png

# Repository Overview
In this repo I provide an oveview of my Github repositories, useful links, publications etc.

## Data Science
- [Practical-Statistics](https://github.com/ddhartma/Practical-Statistics): Theory - Practical Data Science Statistics 
- [CRISP-DM-reusable-template](https://github.com/ddhartma/CRISP-DM-reusable-template): Theory - A reusable template for a standard CRISP-DM analysis 
- [Spotify-dataset-analysis-160kTracks-1921-2020](https://github.com/ddhartma/Spotify-dataset-analysis-160kTracks-1921-2020):  Project - Spotify song popularity study via CRISP-DM
- [ETL-Pipelines](https://github.com/ddhartma/ETL-Pipelines): Theory - Implementation of Data Engineering via ETL pipelines 
- [NLP-Pipelines](https://github.com/ddhartma/NLP-Pipelines): Theory - Implementation of Data Engineering via NLP-Pipelines 
- [ML-Pipelines](https://github.com/ddhartma/ML-Pipelines): Theory - Implementation of Machine Learning pipelines 
- [Disaster-Response-Pipeline-Project](https://github.com/ddhartma/Disaster-Response-Pipeline-Project): Project - Create a disaster response MLP
- [Data-Science-Web-Development](https://github.com/ddhartma/Data-Science-Web-Development): Project - Simple Flask Web Development Setup for Data Science 
- [Data-Science-Web-Deployment](https://github.com/ddhartma/Data-Science-Web-Deployment): Deploy a web app on Heroku 
- [Experiment-Design](https://github.com/ddhartma/Experiment-Design): Theory - How to develop an Experimental Design
- [Matrix-Factorization-For-Recommendations](https://github.com/ddhartma/Matrix-Factorization-For-Recommendations): Theory - How to use ML for REs 
- [Recommendation-Engines](https://github.com/ddhartma/Recommendation-Engines): Theory - How to build  Recommendation Engines 
- [Recommendations-with-IBM](https://github.com/ddhartma/Recommendations-with-IBM): Project - Build a RE for users on the IBM Watson Studio platform 
- [Spark-Big-Data-Analytics](https://github.com/ddhartma/Spark-Big-Data-Analytics): Theory - Spark tool for fast Big Data Analystics 
- [Spark-Machine-Learning](https://github.com/ddhartma/Spark-Machine-Learning): Theory - How to use Sparks Machine Learning tools for Big Data 
- [Sparkify-Project](https://github.com/ddhartma/Sparkify-Project): Project - Use Spark ML to predict users churning from a web service
- [Machine Learning](#machine_learning)
- [Machine Learning Concepts](https://github.com/ddhartma/Machine-Learning-Concepts): Theory -  Important Machine Learning algorithms 

## Deep Learning
- [Matrix Math with NumPy](https://github.com/ddhartma/Matrix-Math-with-Numpy): Theory - Short cheatsheet of matrix math with NumPy 
- [Deep Learning with PyTorch](https://github.com/ddhartma/deep-learning-v2-pytorch): Project - Forked Udacity Projects based on Deep Learning
- [Dog-Breed-Classifier](https://github.com/ddhartma/Dog-Breed-Classifier): Project - Conv Nets to predict the canine’s breed 
- [TV-Script-Generator](https://github.com/ddhartma/TV-Script-Generator): Project - RNNs to create a "fake" TV script
- [time-series-prediction-lstm-pytorch](https://github.com/ddhartma/time-series-prediction-lstm-pytorch): Project - Time Series Prediction using LSTM/PyTorch forked from spdin
- [Face-Generation-with-DCGANs](https://github.com/ddhartma/Face-Generation-with-DCGANs): Project - Generate new fake images of faces that look as realistic as possible 
- [PyTorch-GAN](https://github.com/ddhartma/PyTorch-GAN): Project - GAN collection forked from eriklindernoren
- [ImprovedGAN-pytorch](https://github.com/ddhartma/ImprovedGAN-pytorch): Project - Semi-supervised GAN forked from Sleepychord
- [Sentiment-Analysis-with-AWS-Sagemaker](https://github.com/ddhartma/Sentiment-Analysis-with-AWS-Sagemaker): Project - An AWS-RNN for movie sentiment analysis 
- [Around-the-World-Classifier](https://github.com/ddhartma/Around-the-World-Classifier): Project - Image classification via transfer learning


## Deep Reinforcement Learning
### Intro 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Intro](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Intro): Theory - An Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Chrash-Course](https://medium.com/@nisheed/udacity-deep-reinforcement-learning-project-1-navigation-d16b43793af5): Theory - Another intro to Deep RL
- [An-Introduction-to-Deep-Reinforcement-Learning](https://thomassimonini.medium.com/an-introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning-17a565999c0c): Theory - Another intro to Deep RL
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Monte-Carlo-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Monte-Carlo-Methods): Theory - MC Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Temporal-Difference-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Temporal-Difference-Methods): Theory - TD Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-Taxi-v2](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-Taxi-v2): Project - Implementation of Q-Learning
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Continuous_Spaces](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Continuous_Spaces): Theory - RL in Continuous Spaces 

### Value-Based Methods
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Deep-Q-Networks](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Deep-Q-Networks): Theory - From RL to Deep RL 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-LunarLander-v2](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-LunarLander-v2): Project - OpenAI Gym - DQN-Example
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Unity-Banana-DQN](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Unity-Banana-DQN): Project - Unity - Banana Navigation with DQN 

### Policy Based Methods
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Based-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Based-Methods): Theory - Policy Based Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Gradient-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Gradient-Methods): Theory - Policy Gradient Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Proximal-Policy-Optimization](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Proximal-Policy-Optimization): Theory - Proximal Policy Optimization 
### Actor-Critic Methods
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Actor-Critic-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Actor-Critic-Methods): Theory - Actor-Critic Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Continuous-Control](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Continuous-Control): Project - Unity - Continuous Control 

### Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Multi-Agent-Reinforcement-Learning](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Multi-Agent-Reinforcement-Learning): Theory - Multi-Agent RL 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-AlphaZero](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-AlphaZero): Theory - AlphaZero algorithm
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Collaboration-and-Competition](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Collaboration-and-Competition): Project - Unity - Tennis-Agents



## Useful helpers
- [Virtual-Environments](https://github.com/ddhartma/Virtual-Environments): Theory - Short overview on creating virtual environments 
- [PyPi-Package-Upload](https://github.com/ddhartma/PyPi-Package-Upload): Theory - Description to upload a package to Pypi 
- [Coding-Snippet-Collections ](https://github.com/ddhartma/Coding-Snippet-Collections): A collection of helpful code snippets 

## Others
- [Django-Webserver-Project](https://github.com/ddhartma/Django-Webserver-Project): Project - Image classification via transfer learning
- [AudioKit](https://github.com/ddhartma/AudioKit): Swift audio synthesis, processing, & analysis platform for iOS, macOS and tvOS forked from AudioKit
- [lighthouse](https://github.com/ddhartma/lighthouse): Project - best practices for Progressive Web Apps forked from GoogleChrome
- [Explore-US-Bikeshare-Data ](): Project - Explore US Bikeshare Data with Python forked from Udacity

## Further Links <a name="Further_Links"></a>
Git/Github
* [GitFlow](https://datasift.github.io/gitflow/IntroducingGitFlow.html)
* [A successful Git branching model](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
* [5 types of Git workflows](https://buddy.works/blog/5-types-of-git-workflows)

Docstrings, DRY, PEP8
* [Python Docstrings](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-docstrings/)
* [DRY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGH4-ZhfVDk)
* [PEP 8 -- Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)

Important web sites - Deep Learning
* Deep Learning - illustriert - [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/the-deep-learners/deep-learning-illustrated)

Important web sites - Deep Reinforcement Learning
* [Very good summary of DQN](https://medium.com/@nisheed/udacity-deep-reinforcement-learning-project-1-navigation-d16b43793af5)
* [An Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://thomassimonini.medium.com/an-introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning-17a565999c0c)
* Helpful medium blog post on policies [Off-policy vs On-Policy vs Offline Reinforcement Learning Demystified!](https://kowshikchilamkurthy.medium.com/off-policy-vs-on-policy-vs-offline-reinforcement-learning-demystified-f7f87e275b48)
* [Understanding Baseline Techniques for REINFORCE](https://medium.com/@fork.tree.ai/understanding-baseline-techniques-for-reinforce-53a1e2279b57)
* [Cheatsheet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning/master/cheatsheet/cheatsheet.pdf)
* [Reinforcement Learning Cheat Sheet](https://towardsdatascience.com/reinforcement-learning-cheat-sheet-2f9453df7651)
* [Reinforcement Learning Textbook](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/bookdraft2018.pdf)
* [Reinforcement Learning Textbook - GitHub Repo to Python Examples](https://github.com/ShangtongZhang/reinforcement-learning-an-introduction)
* [Udacity DRL Github Repository](https://github.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning)
* [Open AI Gym - Installation Guide](https://github.com/openai/gym#installation)
* [Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree Links](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19jUvEO82qt3itGP3mXRmaoMbVOyE6bLOp5_QwqITzaM/edit#gid=0)

Important publications - Reinforcement Learning
* [2004 Y. Ng et al., Autonomoushelicopterflightviareinforcementlearning --> Inverse Reinforcement Learning](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~jordan/papers/ng-etal03.pdf)
* [2004 Kohl et al., Policy Gradient Reinforcement Learning for FastQuadrupedal Locomotion --> Policy Gradient Methods](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~pstone/Papers/bib2html-links/icra04.pdf)
* [2013-2015, Mnih et al. Human-level control through deep reinforcementlearning --> DQN](https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/dqn/DQNNaturePaper.pdf)
* [2014, Silver et al., Deterministic Policy Gradient Algorithms --> DPG](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v32/silver14.html)
* [2015, Lillicrap et al., Continuous control with deep reinforcement learning --> DDPG](https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.02971)
* [2015, Schulman et al, High-Dimensional Continuous Control Using Generalized Advantage Estimation --> GAE](https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.02438)
* [2016, Schulman et al., Benchmarking Deep Reinforcement Learning for Continuous Control --> TRPO and GAE](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.06778)
* [2017, PPO](https://openai.com/blog/openai-baselines-ppo/)
* [2018, Bart-Maron et al., Distributed Distributional Deterministic Policy Gradients](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SyZipzbCb)
* [2013, Sergey et al., Guided Policy Search --> GPS](https://graphics.stanford.edu/projects/gpspaper/gps_full.pdf)
* [2015, van Hasselt et al., Deep Reinforcement Learning with Double Q-learning --> DDQN](https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.06461)
* [1993, Truhn et al., Issues in Using Function Approximation for Reinforcement Learning](https://www.ri.cmu.edu/pub_files/pub1/thrun_sebastian_1993_1/thrun_sebastian_1993_1.pdf)
* [2015, Schaul et al., Prioritized Experience Replay --> PER](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.05952)
* [2015, Wang et al., Dueling Network Architectures for Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06581)
* [2016, Silver et al., Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/292074166_Mastering_the_game_of_Go_with_deep_neural_networks_and_tree_search)
* [2017, Hessel et al. Rainbow: Combining Improvements in Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.02298)
* [2016, Mnih et al., Asynchronous Methods for Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.01783)
* [2017, Bellemare et al., A Distributional Perspective on Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.06887)
* [2017, Fortunato et al., Noisy Networks for Exploration](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.10295)
* [2016, Wang et al., Sample Efficient Actor-Critic with Experience Replay --> ACER](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.01224)
* [2017, Lowe et al. Multi-Agent Actor-Critic for MixedCooperative-Competitive Environments](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/2017/file/68a9750337a418a86fe06c1991a1d64c-Paper.pdf)
* [2017, Silver et al. Mastering the Game of Go without Human Knowledge --> AlphaGo Zero](https://discovery.ucl.ac.uk/id/eprint/10045895/1/agz_unformatted_nature.pdf)
* [2017, Silver et al., Mastering Chess and Shogi by Self-Play with aGeneral Reinforcement Learning Algorithm --> AlphaZero](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.01815.pdf)

Commit message:

feature: Add Intro of Neural Networks to README.md

README.md, after:


[image1]: assets/1.png

# Repository Overview
In this repo I provide an oveview of my Github repositories, useful links, publications etc.

## Data Science
- [Practical-Statistics](https://github.com/ddhartma/Practical-Statistics): Theory - Practical Data Science Statistics 
- [CRISP-DM-reusable-template](https://github.com/ddhartma/CRISP-DM-reusable-template): Theory - A reusable template for a standard CRISP-DM analysis 
- [Spotify-dataset-analysis-160kTracks-1921-2020](https://github.com/ddhartma/Spotify-dataset-analysis-160kTracks-1921-2020):  Project - Spotify song popularity study via CRISP-DM
- [ETL-Pipelines](https://github.com/ddhartma/ETL-Pipelines): Theory - Implementation of Data Engineering via ETL pipelines 
- [NLP-Pipelines](https://github.com/ddhartma/NLP-Pipelines): Theory - Implementation of Data Engineering via NLP-Pipelines 
- [ML-Pipelines](https://github.com/ddhartma/ML-Pipelines): Theory - Implementation of Machine Learning pipelines 
- [Disaster-Response-Pipeline-Project](https://github.com/ddhartma/Disaster-Response-Pipeline-Project): Project - Create a disaster response MLP
- [Data-Science-Web-Development](https://github.com/ddhartma/Data-Science-Web-Development): Project - Simple Flask Web Development Setup for Data Science 
- [Data-Science-Web-Deployment](https://github.com/ddhartma/Data-Science-Web-Deployment): Deploy a web app on Heroku 
- [Experiment-Design](https://github.com/ddhartma/Experiment-Design): Theory - How to develop an Experimental Design
- [Matrix-Factorization-For-Recommendations](https://github.com/ddhartma/Matrix-Factorization-For-Recommendations): Theory - How to use ML for REs 
- [Recommendation-Engines](https://github.com/ddhartma/Recommendation-Engines): Theory - How to build  Recommendation Engines 
- [Recommendations-with-IBM](https://github.com/ddhartma/Recommendations-with-IBM): Project - Build a RE for users on the IBM Watson Studio platform 
- [Spark-Big-Data-Analytics](https://github.com/ddhartma/Spark-Big-Data-Analytics): Theory - Spark tool for fast Big Data Analystics 
- [Spark-Machine-Learning](https://github.com/ddhartma/Spark-Machine-Learning): Theory - How to use Sparks Machine Learning tools for Big Data 
- [Sparkify-Project](https://github.com/ddhartma/Sparkify-Project): Project - Use Spark ML to predict users churning from a web service
- [Machine Learning](#machine_learning)
- [Machine Learning Concepts](https://github.com/ddhartma/Machine-Learning-Concepts): Theory -  Important Machine Learning algorithms 

## Deep Learning
- [Matrix-Math-with-NumPy](https://github.com/ddhartma/Matrix-Math-with-Numpy): Theory - Short cheatsheet of matrix math with NumPy 
- [Introduction-to-Neural-Networks](https://github.com/ddhartma/Introduction-to-Neural-Networks): Theory - How does neural networks work?
- [Deep Learning with PyTorch](https://github.com/ddhartma/deep-learning-v2-pytorch): Project - Forked Udacity Projects based on Deep Learning
- [Dog-Breed-Classifier](https://github.com/ddhartma/Dog-Breed-Classifier): Project - Conv Nets to predict the canine’s breed 
- [TV-Script-Generator](https://github.com/ddhartma/TV-Script-Generator): Project - RNNs to create a "fake" TV script
- [time-series-prediction-lstm-pytorch](https://github.com/ddhartma/time-series-prediction-lstm-pytorch): Project - Time Series Prediction using LSTM/PyTorch forked from spdin
- [Face-Generation-with-DCGANs](https://github.com/ddhartma/Face-Generation-with-DCGANs): Project - Generate new fake images of faces that look as realistic as possible 
- [PyTorch-GAN](https://github.com/ddhartma/PyTorch-GAN): Project - GAN collection forked from eriklindernoren
- [ImprovedGAN-pytorch](https://github.com/ddhartma/ImprovedGAN-pytorch): Project - Semi-supervised GAN forked from Sleepychord
- [Sentiment-Analysis-with-AWS-Sagemaker](https://github.com/ddhartma/Sentiment-Analysis-with-AWS-Sagemaker): Project - An AWS-RNN for movie sentiment analysis 
- [Around-the-World-Classifier](https://github.com/ddhartma/Around-the-World-Classifier): Project - Image classification via transfer learning


## Deep Reinforcement Learning
### Intro 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Intro](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Intro): Theory - An Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Chrash-Course](https://medium.com/@nisheed/udacity-deep-reinforcement-learning-project-1-navigation-d16b43793af5): Theory - Another intro to Deep RL
- [An-Introduction-to-Deep-Reinforcement-Learning](https://thomassimonini.medium.com/an-introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning-17a565999c0c): Theory - Another intro to Deep RL
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Monte-Carlo-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Monte-Carlo-Methods): Theory - MC Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Temporal-Difference-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Temporal-Difference-Methods): Theory - TD Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-Taxi-v2](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-Taxi-v2): Project - Implementation of Q-Learning
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Continuous_Spaces](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Continuous_Spaces): Theory - RL in Continuous Spaces 

### Value-Based Methods
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Deep-Q-Networks](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Deep-Q-Networks): Theory - From RL to Deep RL 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-LunarLander-v2](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-OpenAI-Gym-LunarLander-v2): Project - OpenAI Gym - DQN-Example
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Unity-Banana-DQN](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Unity-Banana-DQN): Project - Unity - Banana Navigation with DQN 

### Policy Based Methods
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Based-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Based-Methods): Theory - Policy Based Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Gradient-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Policy-Gradient-Methods): Theory - Policy Gradient Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Proximal-Policy-Optimization](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Proximal-Policy-Optimization): Theory - Proximal Policy Optimization 
### Actor-Critic Methods
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Actor-Critic-Methods](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Actor-Critic-Methods): Theory - Actor-Critic Methods 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Continuous-Control](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Continuous-Control): Project - Unity - Continuous Control 

### Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Multi-Agent-Reinforcement-Learning](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-Multi-Agent-Reinforcement-Learning): Theory - Multi-Agent RL 
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-AlphaZero](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Theory-AlphaZero): Theory - AlphaZero algorithm
- [Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Collaboration-and-Competition](https://github.com/ddhartma/Deep-Reinforcement-Learning-Project-Collaboration-and-Competition): Project - Unity - Tennis-Agents



## Useful helpers
- [Virtual-Environments](https://github.com/ddhartma/Virtual-Environments): Theory - Short overview on creating virtual environments 
- [PyPi-Package-Upload](https://github.com/ddhartma/PyPi-Package-Upload): Theory - Description to upload a package to Pypi 
- [Coding-Snippet-Collections ](https://github.com/ddhartma/Coding-Snippet-Collections): A collection of helpful code snippets 

## Others
- [Django-Webserver-Project](https://github.com/ddhartma/Django-Webserver-Project): Project - Image classification via transfer learning
- [AudioKit](https://github.com/ddhartma/AudioKit): Swift audio synthesis, processing, & analysis platform for iOS, macOS and tvOS forked from AudioKit
- [lighthouse](https://github.com/ddhartma/lighthouse): Project - best practices for Progressive Web Apps forked from GoogleChrome
- [Explore-US-Bikeshare-Data ](): Project - Explore US Bikeshare Data with Python forked from Udacity

## Further Links <a name="Further_Links"></a>
Git/Github
* [GitFlow](https://datasift.github.io/gitflow/IntroducingGitFlow.html)
* [A successful Git branching model](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
* [5 types of Git workflows](https://buddy.works/blog/5-types-of-git-workflows)

Docstrings, DRY, PEP8
* [Python Docstrings](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-docstrings/)
* [DRY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGH4-ZhfVDk)
* [PEP 8 -- Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)

Important web sites - Deep Learning
* Deep Learning - illustriert - [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/the-deep-learners/deep-learning-illustrated)

Important web sites - Deep Reinforcement Learning
* [Very good summary of DQN](https://medium.com/@nisheed/udacity-deep-reinforcement-learning-project-1-navigation-d16b43793af5)
* [An Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://thomassimonini.medium.com/an-introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning-17a565999c0c)
* Helpful medium blog post on policies [Off-policy vs On-Policy vs Offline Reinforcement Learning Demystified!](https://kowshikchilamkurthy.medium.com/off-policy-vs-on-policy-vs-offline-reinforcement-learning-demystified-f7f87e275b48)
* [Understanding Baseline Techniques for REINFORCE](https://medium.com/@fork.tree.ai/understanding-baseline-techniques-for-reinforce-53a1e2279b57)
* [Cheatsheet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning/master/cheatsheet/cheatsheet.pdf)
* [Reinforcement Learning Cheat Sheet](https://towardsdatascience.com/reinforcement-learning-cheat-sheet-2f9453df7651)
* [Reinforcement Learning Textbook](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/bookdraft2018.pdf)
* [Reinforcement Learning Textbook - GitHub Repo to Python Examples](https://github.com/ShangtongZhang/reinforcement-learning-an-introduction)
* [Udacity DRL Github Repository](https://github.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning)
* [Open AI Gym - Installation Guide](https://github.com/openai/gym#installation)
* [Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree Links](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19jUvEO82qt3itGP3mXRmaoMbVOyE6bLOp5_QwqITzaM/edit#gid=0)

Important publications - Reinforcement Learning
* [2004 Y. Ng et al., Autonomoushelicopterflightviareinforcementlearning --> Inverse Reinforcement Learning](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~jordan/papers/ng-etal03.pdf)
* [2004 Kohl et al., Policy Gradient Reinforcement Learning for FastQuadrupedal Locomotion --> Policy Gradient Methods](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~pstone/Papers/bib2html-links/icra04.pdf)
* [2013-2015, Mnih et al. Human-level control through deep reinforcementlearning --> DQN](https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/dqn/DQNNaturePaper.pdf)
* [2014, Silver et al., Deterministic Policy Gradient Algorithms --> DPG](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v32/silver14.html)
* [2015, Lillicrap et al., Continuous control with deep reinforcement learning --> DDPG](https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.02971)
* [2015, Schulman et al, High-Dimensional Continuous Control Using Generalized Advantage Estimation --> GAE](https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.02438)
* [2016, Schulman et al., Benchmarking Deep Reinforcement Learning for Continuous Control --> TRPO and GAE](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.06778)
* [2017, PPO](https://openai.com/blog/openai-baselines-ppo/)
* [2018, Bart-Maron et al., Distributed Distributional Deterministic Policy Gradients](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SyZipzbCb)
* [2013, Sergey et al., Guided Policy Search --> GPS](https://graphics.stanford.edu/projects/gpspaper/gps_full.pdf)
* [2015, van Hasselt et al., Deep Reinforcement Learning with Double Q-learning --> DDQN](https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.06461)
* [1993, Truhn et al., Issues in Using Function Approximation for Reinforcement Learning](https://www.ri.cmu.edu/pub_files/pub1/thrun_sebastian_1993_1/thrun_sebastian_1993_1.pdf)
* [2015, Schaul et al., Prioritized Experience Replay --> PER](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.05952)
* [2015, Wang et al., Dueling Network Architectures for Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06581)
* [2016, Silver et al., Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/292074166_Mastering_the_game_of_Go_with_deep_neural_networks_and_tree_search)
* [2017, Hessel et al. Rainbow: Combining Improvements in Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.02298)
* [2016, Mnih et al., Asynchronous Methods for Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.01783)
* [2017, Bellemare et al., A Distributional Perspective on Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.06887)
* [2017, Fortunato et al., Noisy Networks for Exploration](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.10295)
* [2016, Wang et al., Sample Efficient Actor-Critic with Experience Replay --> ACER](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.01224)
* [2017, Lowe et al. Multi-Agent Actor-Critic for MixedCooperative-Competitive Environments](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/2017/file/68a9750337a418a86fe06c1991a1d64c-Paper.pdf)
* [2017, Silver et al. Mastering the Game of Go without Human Knowledge --> AlphaGo Zero](https://discovery.ucl.ac.uk/id/eprint/10045895/1/agz_unformatted_nature.pdf)
* [2017, Silver et al., Mastering Chess and Shogi by Self-Play with aGeneral Reinforcement Learning Algorithm --> AlphaZero](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.01815.pdf)
